
NITIKA.R.DAVE
55,10th Main,BTM 1st Stage,
     nitika.017@gmail.com
Maruthi Layout,Bangalore-29
  +91-9986583593


Career Objective:

I intend to establish myself as a Java Developer through a long time
commitment, contributing to the company's growth and in turn ensuring self
improvement with in the organization

Experience Summary:

Working as Java Developer since 9th June 2014 with IBM India Pvt Ltd.

Quick learner, Self-motivated with good communication skills

 Hard working with a quest and zeal to learn new technologies and undertake
challenging tasks.

Good team player with an ability to work independently in a time sensitive
environment

Technical skills:

Languages/Methodologies : Core Java, J2EE,JDBC,JSP,C, C++

Web Technologies : XML,HTML
Web Servers : IBM WAS 6.1
Software tools and Utilities :  Client for Window,System Administrator
client,DB2CE,IBM Symphony
Database Technologies : IBM DB2.
Operating Systems : Windows XP/7

Integrated Development Environment : Eclipse, RSA, Edit Plus


Project Summary:

Project I: At IBM India Pvt Ltd

Project Name: SCORE CoE(28 July 2015 - till date)

Description: The IBM Solution for Compliance in a Regulated Environment
(SCORE) is a flexible and highly configurable browser-based application
designed for the pharmaceutical industry, including generic manufacturers,
and biotechnology businesses.It offers flexible, regulated document
management and submission management. This allows companies to effectively
manage regulated content across the enterprise, from clinical trials,
regulatory submissions and manufacturing through distribution, sales and
marketing. It meets stringent requirements such as 21CFR11 and GxPs from
the FDA.

a) Client: Crucell NL

Role: Developer: Was involved in developing modules for handling Bulk
export functionality of Native documents bought into the SCORE application.
Involved in enhancement of the existing application by handling change
requests from client. Basic issue resolution and trouble shooting. Server
monitoring and maintenance.

Technologies: Core Java,SQL,XML

b) Client: Astellas

Role: Developer: Was involved in developing,deploying and verifying the
plugin/code to update the ACL for group of users for SCORE application.
Involved in enhancement of the existing application by handling change
requests from client. Basic issue resolution and trouble shooting. Server
monitoring and maintenance.

Technologies: Core Java,SQL,XML

  Project II :   At PDIT, Hospet(College curriculum Project)

Project name: "Remote data access and protection of smartphones using SMS"

Description: The project proposes a model to secure smartphones from theft
as well as provides options to access a smartphone through other smartphone
or a normal mobile via Short Message Service. This model provides option to
track and secure the mobile by locking it.It also provides facilities to
receive the call logs and SMS information to the remotely connected device
and enables the remote user to control the mobile through SMS. This model
also provides access to contact number and we can also delete the contact
number through SMS. The proposed model is validated by the prototype
implementation in Android platform.

Role: Involved in development of UI and module for handling Contact
retrieval

Technologies: Android SDK,Core Java

Education Qualification:

|Sl.n|Course         |Institution     |Board/University  |Year of |Percen|
|o   |               |                |                  |passing |t     |
|1   |B.E(Information|Proudhadevaraya |Visveswaraya      |2013    |76    |
|    |science)       |Institute of    |Technological     |        |      |
|    |               |Technology,Hospe|University,       |        |      |
|    |               |t               |Belgaum           |        |      |
|2   |12             |Kendriya        |C.B.S.E           |2009    |73    |
|    |               |Vidyalaya,Hospet|                  |        |      |
|3   |10             |Kendriya        |C.B.S.E           |2007    |86    |
|    |               |Vidyalaya,Hospet|                  |        |      |

Secured first class with distinction in all semesters and branch topper.

Achievements:
 Participated in IBM's biggest coding competition- 'Tecathon2014' on
'Counterfeit Product Detection Solution' and worked for developing the
Android application(interface) for it.

Have been recognized in the Manager's choice award-2015, for displaying IBM
value,"Putting the client first"

Have been appreciated by client for the interactions and pro-active
communication/ response over the course of project, during support and
development activities

Qualified GATE EXAM-2013 with All India Ranking of 7718, out of 224160
students.

Participated and won special recognition prize in debate at the VTU fest
'UDBHAV'.

Have been student coordinator of district level techfest 'UTKARSH'
organized by the college.

Selected among top 10teams in college to participate in state level IT
QUIZ, TCS TECH BYTES.

Have been national level debater four times in a row.

Won second price in state level tech-fest 'WONDERS 11' in reporting and
journalism and event management contest.

Presented technical seminars/presentations on state and National level tech-
fests.

Participated in several co-curricular activities and sports competitions.

   Personal Information:

Date of Birth : June 18'1991

Gender : Female

Marital Status : Single

Father's Name : Ramakant Dave

Nationality : Indian

Languages Known : English, Hindi, Gujarati, Kannada

Passport number : M4160142

PAN : BHWPD3973P

Hobbies : Reading novels, Writing poems and articles, playing TT

 Declaration:

I do hereby declare that all the information stated is true and safe to the
best of my knowledge.



                                                             (Nitika R Dave)

                                                            Place: Bangalore



















